Long time no see
Everyone is doing well
Come on, let me make a toast
Luo Nan hasn't seen you for so long and you are still so beautiful
When you are at school?
Just one person.
How about a boyfriend now?
Don't touch the shame
We Nan Nan
But there is never a shortage of men
Hey, you don't understand
Alone?
It's inevitable to be lonely
Excuse me.
I'm late.
Ruonan, I'm afraid you won't be used to the food here
I made this on purpose
Eat and eat, the courier can still be delivered here.
Are the current couriers still working part-time to deliver food?
Hahahaha
I'm here to accompany Ruonan to the class reunion
And who are you?
Ruonan's wife
Friend, he is Ruonan's old friend.